contribution guidelines about wire compatibility (#26619)
akka/akka: CONTRIBUTING.md

The binary compatibility of the current changes can be checked by running `sbt +mimaReportBinaryIssues`.

## Wire compatibility

Changes to the binary protocol of remoting, cluster and the cluster tools require great care so that it is possible

> to do rolling up and downgrades. 

Reviewer: I think we shouldn't give the impression we support (rolling) downgrades - I can't think of any cases offhand, but it feels harder to guarantee.
```suggestion
to do rolling upgrades.
```

Author: This aspect is specifically why I wanted to add this new section. 

There is a very thin line between rolling downgrades and keeping old nodes being able to communicate with new ones during the rolling upgrade. But maybe that could be phrased differently - I don't see this as what we promise though, more what we aim for when doing changes.

Reviewer 2: :+1: to explicitly just saying rolling upgrades which includes old nodes being able to communicate with new nodes during the process

> Often a change to those protocols can require changes in a two version process where 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since during a rolling upgrade nodes producing the 'new' format and nodes producing the 'old' format coexist, a change can require a two-phase process: 
```

> the first change is to add a new binary format but still use the old. A second step then starts actually emitting the

Reviewer 2: Maybe explicitly say that each phase needs to be released
